feat: support ping (icmp) probe (#251)
megaease/easeprobe: docs/Roadmap.md

... with new notification backends been added constantly.

## Roadmap

> Some of the features that are planned/considered for 2022 can be broken down into three categories: *General*, *Probe*, *Notify*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the features that we plan to implement in the future fall under one these categories: *General*, *Probe*, *Notify*
```
